Add paragraph about manual discount deletion in combination with vouchers (#1399)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/discounts/manual-discounts.mdx

its price was discounted by $10 (100 / 130 * 13).

For more complex cases, please check [Examples](developer/discounts/examples.mdx) section.

### Manual discounts with vouchers

Manual discounts take precedence over vouchers, overriding them when applied. However, this does not entirely dissociate the voucher from the order.

> For example, if the manual discount is removed, the system reevaluates the voucher code associated with the order.

Reviewer: Wouldn't be good to be more explicit here? 
What does `reevaluates` mean here? Does it mean, that the same voucher amount will be assigned back to the order? Or will the voucher amount be calculated based on the current order (like staff user modified lines/shipping method which changed the prices)? 
Does the `reevaluation` use de-normalized values assigned to the order? Will the flow be the same when voucher instance exists/was deleted in the meantime?

> Manual discounts take precedence and override vouchers. However, it doesn't mean the voucher is completely disconnected from an order. 
> Ie. when the manual discount is deleted, the voucher code associated with the order is evaluated again. 
> If the voucher has a [usage limit](developer/discounts/vouchers.mdx#usage-limits) and a manual discount overrides it, the usage is not released.

Reviewer 2: Small improvement:
```suggestion
Manual discounts take precedence over vouchers, overriding them when applied. However, this does not entirely dissociate the voucher from the order.
For example, if the manual discount is removed, the system reevaluates the voucher code associated with the order.
Note that if the voucher has a [usage limit](https://github.com/saleor/saleor-docs/pull/1399/developer/discounts/vouchers.mdx#usage-limits) and is overridden by a manual discount, the usage count for the voucher remains unaffected.
```
